# 🔁 Automatic Derivatives Market Maker

It is a known fact that the world’s derivatives market is extremely huge, estimated around $ 1 quadrillion in total. In fact, it is 10x larger compared to the value of the world’s financial assets. However, according to DeFi pulse, crypto derivatives still only take up around less than 10% of the DeFi market. This implies that the crypto derivatives market is still at its very early stage and has the potential to grow larger in the next one or two decades especially from institutional investors who are seeking decentralized dApps to minimize counterparty risk.

One of the reasons why Alps Finance would like to develop the crypto derivatives market is to expand multi-asset DeFi investing beyond spot market for active investors. With derivatives, investors will have endless possibilities to invest, diversify their holdings, get exposure to any form of financial assets without investing into the assets directly, which includes crypto assets, stocks, bonds, real assets (commodities, real estate, currencies, etc), NFTs, interest rates, and even other derivatives itself. In addition to providing more investing options, crypto derivatives will be beneficial to many investors in hedging their portfolio or even taking a leveraged position in a permissionless and speedy manner without any third party in between, making crypto derivatives transactions and trading much more efficient compared to its traditional counterparts.

However, the state of existing crypto derivatives protocols currently is rather simplistic and limited and only allows a simple form of crypto synthetics token for the investors.  In Alps Finance, our goal is to build a more sophisticated and generalized derivatives infrastructure on top of our existing platform called Automatic Derivatives Market Maker (ADMM). Using the similar paradigm as existing Automatic Market Maker (AMM), ADMM will allow investors to not only create and trade various types of perpetual futures, but also invest in the derivatives liquidity pools to earn fees from the trades occurring through ADMM itself. All positions invested through the ADMM can be managed and tracked easily through the cross-chain DeFi aggregator.
