# 🏗 Cross-chain DeFi Aggregator

While DeFi creates a more transparent finance, it is undeniable that DeFi information is scattered and can be overwhelming. Hence, tracking DeFi portfolio is still a complicated task for many DeFi investors, both beginner and experts alike. Not to mention, investors still have to calculate and manage for each chain they interact with. Alps Finance tries to simplify tracking DeFi portfolio by offering a full-fledged cross-chain DeFi aggregator within the platform in a single dashboard. The aggregator does not only feature tokens and NFTs that the investors hold in a chain, but also integration with multiple DeFi protocols, NFT Marketplaces, and Multi-chain Bridges.

Other protocols provide DeFi aggregator dashboards too, but they still assume users know EVM deeply, lack push notifications, and have an unfriendly user interface. These drawbacks slow down the DeFi global adoption growth, and Alps Finance tries to solve these problems and reduce the knowledge required to use in DeFi by hiding most of the technical details such as gas fees, chain, and nonce, until they are ready to be an advanced investor. Push notifications is also an important feature that shall be added to notify the investors of important changes happening to their portfolio, which could range from big market movement to asset liquidations warnings/occurrences.

Alps Finance will also integrate with on-ramp and off-ramp services to make users life easier to buy and sell their crypto using fiat currencies without leaving Alps Finance. On-ramp and off-ramps services will help investors to invest in DeFi directly without transfer from centralized exchanges or peer2peer websites.
