# 🏦 DAO Investment Fund

In traditional finance (TradiFi), it is not uncommon for investors to invest their fund in a partnership or an established fund. However, the crypto space tends to discourage trustful structures like corporate, so creating a DAO where members can join together to invest (trustless) is a part of our long-term plan. We believe DAOs can provide better market feedback to guide investors better and build customer-centric products without being discriminated against or losing transparency. DAOs will ultimately lead to more engagement with investors.

However, forming an investment-oriented DAO is not an easy task as it requires the investors to write smart contracts for themselves and active participation during the period. Furthermore, there was a substantial lack of DeFi infrastructure in the space to help investors set one up for themselves. The lack of such infrastructure is an exceptional opportunity for Alps Finance to be a DAO provider. We believe DeFi investing should not be limited to individual investing, rather it should allow the opportunities for investors to collaborate, form partnerships, or even invest in other investors’ DAO investment funds. We will enable users to create DAOs through clicking a few buttons.  With DAOs, investors will have more choices and possibilities when investing in DeFi, possibly even providing them the opportunities to learn and earn more along the process. This is especially crucial for beginner DeFi investors to grow by having the opportunities to participate and invest in DAOs. Thus, hopefully such features will help further accelerate DeFi adoption and make Alps Finance as one of the pioneers in the DeFi storage system.
