# 📧 Web3 Email Login

Authentication is the first step for users to enter DeFi’s world. Providing users with a good first impression is very crucial as it will determine their decision to continue using the app or not. Despite a basic UX feature, many dapps have continuously failed to provide a great user login experience, especially for non-technical users. Not to mention that different wallet integrations such as Metamask and Walletconnect exist to connect wallets but still their experience is confusing at times. This bad experience can be found when users try to not only connect a wallet to an app but also make transactions and sign messages. These events usually prompt numerous confirmation popups that non-technical users do not understand and creates confusion in the process. Even though there are articles about using metamask safely, users will usually overlook and just focus on signing transactions fast since DeFi moves very fast.

Hence, we will implement an email passwordless login as the main option for authentication, on top of the numerous wallet integration that we’ll provide for more advanced and experienced DeFi investors. With Magic Link integration, users can login and access their wallet address on Alps Finance using only their email. This authentication method will ensure that beginner investors get a familiar login and great UX when using our application just like logging in to social media. Furthermore, we’ll minimize the popups during transactions by providing smoother UX to minimize the barrier of entry into DeFi.
